Update proxy documentation (#765)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/guides/usage/proxy-settings-for-chocolatey.md

RedirectFrom: docs/proxy-settings-for-chocolatey
---

> ## Proxy setting considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proxy Setting Considerations
```

Reviewer: Please be consistent with headings.

Author: 😂 I explicitly added a maint commit to bring the headings into consistency, and then committed this one without it 😂. I've gotten that fixed up.

### Proxy Configuration Priority

> Chocolatey applies proxy configurations based on where they are supplied. The order of the configuration applying is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chocolatey applies proxy configuration based on the order below:
```

> 1. [Command Line Arguments](#explicit-proxy-settings-at-runtime).
> 1. [Chocolatey Configuration](#explicit-proxy-settings).
> 1. [Environment Variables](#existing-proxy-environment-variables).
> 1. [System configured proxy server](#system-proxy-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Command line arguments](#explicit-proxy-settings-at-runtime).
1. [Chocolatey config](#explicit-proxy-settings).
1. [Environment variables](#existing-proxy-environment-variables).
1. [System configured proxy server](#system-proxy-settings).
```

Reviewer: Please be consistent.

### Known Limitations

Certain Chocolatey products are known to apply different proxy settings depending on circumstances.

* Chocolatey GUI - [Downloading icons does not honor Chocolatey CLI proxy settings](https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/issues/1013)

> * Chocolatey Licensed Extension - [VirusTotal checking at runtime does not use any proxy](https://gitlab.com/chocolatey/collaborators/choco-licensed/-/issues/681)

Reviewer 2: This is not a publicly available issue, it probably should be linked/synced to the home repository.

Author: Thanks for noting that. These have been updated with public issues now.

> * Chocolatey GUI - [Downloading icons does not honor Chocolatey CLI proxy settings](https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/issues/1013)
> * Chocolatey Licensed Extension - [VirusTotal checking at runtime does not use any proxy](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/351)
> * Chocolatey Agent - [Agent communications do not use any proxy configuration](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/350)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Chocolatey GUI - [Downloading icons does not honor Chocolatey CLI proxy settings](https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/issues/1013).
* Chocolatey Licensed Extension - [VirusTotal checking at runtime does not use any proxy](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/351).
* Chocolatey Agent - [Agent communications do not use any proxy configuration](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/350).
```

Reviewer: Please be consistent.

> ## Installing Chocolatey From Behind A Proxy Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing Chocolatey From Behind a Proxy Server
```

Chocolatey will automatically pick up the following environment variables if they are already set:

* `http_proxy`.
* `https_proxy`.
* `no_proxy`.

## Explicit Proxy Settings

> Chocolatey has explicit proxy

Reviewer: This line looks incomplete?

You can simply configure up to 5 settings and Chocolatey will use a proxy server. `proxy` is required and is the location and port of the proxy server. The values for user/password are only used for credentials when both are present.

~~~sh

> choco config set --name proxy --value <locationandport>

Reviewer: Can you fix up all of this code based on best practices? Can you also capitalize the parts in the `<` brackets, for example `<LOCATION-AND-PORT>`?

### Example

Running the following commands:

> ~~~sh

Reviewer: Can you fixup this code too?
